data-translate="packages">Packages</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#services" data-translate="services">Services</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#booking-form" data-translate="booking">Booking</a></li>
                </ul>
                
            </div>


            <div class="description">
              
data-translate="greeting">Hathor</h1>
                    <h2 class="welcometext2" data-translate="welcome">Coworking space & Café</h2>
                    <p class="paragraph-text" data-translate="unleash">Unleash Your Potential</p>
                </div>
                <a id="visitus" href="#" data-translate="address">Address</a>
                <label for="language-select">Select Language:</label>
                <input type="radio" id="languag
data-translate="explore-offerings">Explore Our Offerings</h1>
                </div>
                <div class="coworking-space">
                    <!-
data-translate="versatile-solutions">
                                        Versatile Workspace Solutions
                                    </div>
   
data-translate="networking-events">
                                        Networking Events
                                    </div>
                 
data-translate="meeting-rooms">
                                        Meeting and Conference Rooms
                                    </div>
          
data-translate="access">
                                        24/7 Access
                                    </div>
                                </
data-translate="tech-support">
                                        Tech Support
                                    </div>
                           
data-translate="member-benefits">
                                        Member Benefits
                                    </div>
                     
data-translate="explore-packages">Explore Membership Packages</h1>
                </div>

                <!--Packages cards-->
                <div clas
data-translate="day-pass">Flexible Day Pass</h2>
                            <p id="info-day" class="info" data-translate="day-pass-description">Experience a productive
                                day at Hathor Coworking Space and Café.</p>
                
data-translate="day-pass-1-day"><strong>1 full day</strong> of access</span>
                                </li>
                                <li id=
data-translate="day-pass-wifi"><strong>Fiber optic</strong> wifi</span>
                                </li>
                                <li id="li-c
data-translate="day-pass-coffee">Freshly brewed coffee</span>
                                </li>
                            </ul>
                    
data-translate="choose-plan">
                                Choose plan
                            </button>
                        </div>
           
data-translate="excellence-month" id="title-month" class="title">Month of Excellence
                            </h2>
                            <p data-translate="elevate-experience" id="info-month" class="info">Elevate your workspace
                                experience with our 1-month
      
data-translate="month-access"><strong>1 month</strong> of access </span>
                                </li>
                                <li id="li-
data-translate="unlimited-access">Unlimited <strong>access</strong></span>
                                </li>
                                <li id="l
data-translate="use-rooms">Use of meeting rooms</span>
                                </li>
                            </ul>
                           
data-translate="choose-plan" id="button-month" class="button">
                                Choose plan
                            </button>
         
data-translate="immersion-week" id="title-week" class="title">Weeklong Immersion</h2>
                            <p data-translate="immerse-yourself" id="info-week" class="info">Immerse yourself in a week
                                of creativity and productivity.
 
data-translate="week-access"><strong>1 week</strong> of access </span>
                                </li>
                                <li id="li-un
data-translate="unlimited-access">Unlimited <strong>access</strong></span>
                                </li>
                                <li id="l
data-translate="use-rooms">Use of meeting rooms</span>
                                </li>
                            </ul>
                           
data-translate="choose-plan" id="button-week" class="button">
                                Choose plan
                            </button>
          
data-translate="book-your-place">Book your place:</div>
                            <div class='input-fields'>
                                <input type
data-translate="full-name-placeholder"></input>
                                <input type='email' placeholder='E-mail' class='input-line full-width'
   
data-translate="email-placeholder"></input>
                                <input type="tel" placeholder='Phone number' class='input-line full-width'
   
data-translate="phone-placeholder"></input>
                                <div class="select-group">
                                    <select placeho
data-translate="select-options-placeholder">
                                        <option value="" disabled selected>What to book</option>
            
data-translate="book-desk-option">Book a desk
                                        </option>
                                        <option value="Mee
data-translate="meeting-option">Meeting</option>
                                        <option value="Networking event" data-translate="networking-event-option">
                                            Networking event</option>
                                        <o
data-translate="tech-support-option">Tech support
                                        </option>
                                        <option value=
data-translate="other-option">Other</option>
                                    </select>
                                </div>
                        
data-translate="time-placeholder"></input>
                                <input type='date' placeholder='Date' class='input-line full-width'
           
data-translate="date-placeholder"></input>
                                <input type='text' placeholder='Comments' class='input-line full-width'
       
data-translate="comments-placeholder"></input>
                            </div>
                            <span data-translate="create-your-ticket">Create your<span class='highlight'>Ticket</span> &
                                receive
                           
data-translate="submit-button">Submit</button></div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>

                <di
data-translate="secure-your-spot">Secure Your Spot</h1>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <div class="booking-bottom-left-
data-translate="discover">Discover</span> our
                        <br>
                        coworking
                        <span id="word-space"
data-translate="space"> space</span>
                        <br>
                        and
                        <span class="underlined underline-ma
data-translate="book">book</span>
                        for <br>a
                        <span class="underlined underline-mask-productive" data-translate="productive">productive</span>
                        day
                    </h1>
                </div>




            </div>

       
data-translate="contact">Contact</h2>
                            </div>
                            <div class="footer-row">
                            
data-translate="connect-facebook">Connect with us on
                                    <strong>Facebook</strong></a>
                            </div>

data-translate="follow-instagram">Explore our <strong>Instagram
                                    </strong>feed</a>
                            </div>
 
data-translate="contact-email">Contact us via <strong>email</strong></a>
                            </div>
                            <div class="footer
data-translate="find-maps">View our location <strong>on the map</strong></a>
                            </div>
                        </div>
           
data-translate="quick-links">Links</h2>
                            </div>
                            <div class="footer-row">
                          
data-translate="about-us"><strong>About us</strong></a>
                            </div>
                            <div class="footer-row">
          
data-translate="services"><strong>Services</strong></a>
                            </div>
                            <div class="footer-row">
          
data-translate="packages"><strong>Packages</strong></a>
                            </div>
                            <div class="footer-row">
          
data-translate="booking"><strong>Booking</strong></a>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                        <div class
data-translate="subscribe">Subscribe to our mailing list</h2>
                                <form class="subscribe"><input type="email" placeholder="exa
data-translate="subscribe-btn">Subscribe</span></button></form>
                            </div>
                        </div>

                       
data-translate="phone">Phone number:</strong> +216 99 66 04 55</p>
                            <p><strong data-translate="email">Email address:</strong> Demni@dalma.com</p>
                            <p id="copyright">&copy;<span id="current-year">2023</span>